[Music]
notable moments from your career 8 years
old in a game how many points did you
score 63
how like technically how I mean how at 8
years old how do you score well I
figured out that most kids that are
right-handed can't go left you know what
I mean so I just sit on their right hand
I got like steal after steal after steal
I mean that's really how it happened I
just pressure the back court as soon as
a kid start dribbling the ball I jump
right in his right hand and then he I
take it from him and Lay It Up take it
from him Lay It Up take lay it up and it
just went on and there was nothing they
could do about it and do you remember
that oh yeah oh you do oh yeah what did
anything to scks out no I mean that just
the fact that I scored 63 point I mean
my teammates were all just going crazy
about it after the game it was it was it
was fun then you know we had the finals
the next night and I had a 40-point game
the next game doing the same same thing
my father always told me he said Son you
got to be able to use both hands got to
be able to use both hands at an early
age and I and I could the 81 point game
in the NBA 81 points in a single game
what sticks out for you from that
game um probably the fact that I had
pepperoni pizza the night before the
game is that is that common or is that
no that's not common at all I was just
kind of craving a pepperoni pizza and I
had one
um start a trend yeah I hope not don't I
hope they don't follow that lead the the
day that I actually scored 81 was my
grandfather's birthday who had passed
away a few years before and my
grandmother who had never seen me play
in the NBA just cuz her nerves can't
take it she uh flew out to California
and she came to watch me play uh for the
first time and the only time and um and
that's just what happened to be the the
night I scor 81 what was that like for
you with having your grandmother the
first and only time sitting in the
stands watching it was really special
for me I mean my my grandmother was has
always been there for me we're out of
the family we're probably the most
similar uh personality so um it was
really really special I mean she was one
of these grandmothers who you I would
play like eight games A Day In The
Summertime with for different summer
leagues and stuff like that and she'd be
like boy you need to slow down you know
you get to tired you're exhausted you
know she's one of those grandmas who's
really caregiving you know and just just
a caretaker so for her to be there at
the Staple Center to watch me play at
this ultimate level after seeing me play
for so many years you know in high
school and summer league was was special
so those 81 points in a single game
second you know in history only to Wilt
Chamberlain it should be pointed out
even Michael Jordan only had 69 points
in a game and he needed overtime to get
to that point Kareem Abul Jabar
55 points in a game is what he tops out
at and you had that in the second half
of that game alone when you're in the
zone like that how do you
know yeah it's funny it's it's uh it's a
strange feeling because you know you're
in the zone but you can't afford to
allow yourself to know you're in the
zone because once you do then you lose
it you know cuz being in that moment
it's all about being in that moment and
not letting anything else enter into
your mind emotionally or psychologically
you just continue to go and go and go
and you know for me as a player you know
when I get hot I mean I get blistering
hot and it's something that I just had
to kind of keep going and not take my
mind or Focus let my Focus Shift to
something else what's different about it
though I mean when you're in the zone
like that relative to an average game oh
it's such a sense of calmness and focus
and it's almost a almost a sense of
desperation where nothing else matters
nothing nothing no nobody talking to you
you not a fan sitting over here not
nothing is relevant um the only thing
that's important is the moment that
you're in and and it's tough to find
that space on a consistent basis but you
know it's uh I think that's what makes
sport so compelling I I read somewhere
after that game that you said it
actually slowed down for you uh how so
well just uh because of the fact that
you know I was so hot shooting the ball
um now I can pick and choose whatever I
did out there on the floor you know so
that it's almost like the defense was at
my mercy and because of that I could
anticipate everything that was going on
because I was dictating everything that
was going on because I was so hot and so
it kind of gives that feeling that
everything slows
down for more clips from this interview
visit Graham Bens singer.com
[Music]